Everyone wants to fix their future and this blog is going to explain you how do it by using ancient technique of time travel by breaking space time continuum to alter your future.
Our Rishis knew this and that is why everything was written in coded format in various text of Jyotish.
Maharishi Parashar broke space into minor divisions as small as 0.4 degrees and called it a nadi AMSA chart.
Similarly when we use both Space and Time to perform a remedy -Future gets affected as now you are breaking a space time continuum by deriving the energy using the Machine (Yantra), Sound (Mantra) and Procedure (Tantra).
So Space is visiting a particular temple let us say Kasar Devi temple as this temple is lies on electromagnetic belt of the earth and there is a vibration at this place, When i visited this place whole night i wasn’t able to sleep for a minute and when you do Jaap at such place you can feel the energy in your chakras.
As Space is directly delivering this energy to this particular temple and this place is charged up and let us say you choose a second element of time of visiting this place on Surya Grahan what will happen is you are now capable of altering the future.
Space and time are two factors when combined properly you will be able to change lot of things in life.
Bhrighu Focused on dividing the life span of humans into minor divisions, such as Saturn in the 3rd house, giving results at the age of 37 and Saturn in the 4th house, giving results at the age of 41.
This is a Division of time — One legend focused on Time and another on Space to look into the future this means when now scientist talks about time travel our legends were well aware of these things and that is why they were able to move freely in different space and time.
When I asked everyone to draw a Yantra of Sun on solar eclipse — you will be able to communicate to outer world using this particular yantra -In this series, I am going to explain how to use the yantra to students who have completed 108 yantra on Solar eclipse as I want everyone to feel the magic of space and time.
If you haven’t done it on Solar eclipse do make yantra of Moon on Lunar eclipse and you will be able to alter many things using this particular yantra in your life related to wealth as this is perfect time to communicate with outer worlds as both significator of Soul and Mind have access to pathways via Rahu and Ketu.
I will write more on this series of Yantra and how our ancient sages were capable of doing extraordinary things in life.